To get you familiar using components, lets
reconstruct our AppComponent making a few
changes.
I’m going to start out by removing the code
currently in our AppComponent file.
The first thing I’ll do is define my class
and name it AppComponent.
I want to export this file to make sure other
files can use our component.
We’ll declare a property within our class
and name it pageTitle followed by a colon
and then the data type of string.
Then we can define a default value which will
be Dev Book Store.
Next lets go ahead and define a component
decorator above the class.
We always begins with an @ sign then the name
of the decorator.
The component decorator is a function so we
type parenthesis.
And we’re going to pass in an object so
we add curly braces.
notice we are getting an underline error here.
And the reason is because we need to import
Component from angular core.
So we’ll say import and then we want Component
and we’re getting this from angular core.
Now the error goes away and we can complete
the metadata.
So within our component meta data we first
need to add a selector to provide the name
for a directive when used in the html.
The current convention is to prefix the selector
with something to identify as part of our
application.
So we’ll use bs for book store.
the second part of the name represents the
component name, so we use app.
Next we’ll define the template.
And when defining a template we can either
reference another file or put in any valid
html code.
In this case, we’ll add some HTML directly
in the template area.
We can use single or double quotes.
Or we can also use back ticks.
Backticks are located at the top left of your
keyboard and they are needed if you are spreading
out the code on more then one line.
We can use angular data binding here to display
our pageTitle property defined below.
To do this we just add the name of our property
inside of curly brackets.
Then also add in another line with the text
App Component Test
And that’s it, you’ve now created your
first component.
But how do we use it?
All we need to do is add the selector we created
called bs-app into our index.html file.
Once we’ve done that, we can go back to
our terminal and restart our application.
And now we have successfully bootstrapped
Angular and are displaying our first component,
pretty sweet.